<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
        <title>Severus, Letter 1.35</title>
        <link rel="stylesheet" href="../CSS/SeverusLetters.css" />
        <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width" initial-scale="1.0" />
    </head>
    <body>
        <div class="nav">
            <ul class="nav">
                <li><a href="./home.xhtml">Home</a></li>
                <li><a href="./1-35.xhtml">Letter</a></li>
                <li><a href="./Standoff.xhtml">Persons/Places</a></li>
            </ul>
        </div>
        
        <div>
            
            
            <h1>Severus of Antioch, Letter 1.35</h1>
            <h2>A Sample Text Encoding Project for <a href="https://dlschwartz.github.io/2023aHIST630/">HIST 630: "Digital Methods for Historical Research</a>"</h2>
            
            <p>This small-scale text markup project is a model for students in my digital history course. The intent is to demonstrate the application 
            some of the skills we have learned over the course of the semester: GitHub, TEI, XQuery, XPath, ODD Customization, Schematron, HTML, and CSS.</p>
            
            <p><a href="http://syriaca.org/person/51">Severus of Antioch</a> was a Greek-speaking Christian bishop in early 6th-century <a href="https://spear-prosop.org/aggregate/place/10.html">Antioch</a>.
                He was a proponent of non-Chalcedonian, or Miaphysite, Christology. This view emphasized the unified divine/human nature of <a href="https://spear-prosop.org/aggregate/person/2245.html">Jesus</a> 
                after the incarnation. Today Syriac and Coptic Christian communities still hold this view. While we know that <a href="http://syriaca.org/person/51">Severus of Antioch</a> wrote thousands of 
                letters, fewer than 300 remain extant, mostly in Syriac translation. This project offers an encoding of one of these letters along with some basic information about the persons and places 
                discussed in that letter.
            </p>
            
            <p>If you are interested in seeing the code for this project including the TEI files for the letter and the standoff markup, customized ODD schema, 
                XQuery for transforming TEI to HTML, and CSS, you can find this material in my <a href="https://github.com/dlschwartz/severus-class-project/tree/updatesPost5-2023">severus-class-project repo</a>
                on GitHub.</p>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>